fix(popover): support shadow tree elements lookup (#49)
oddbird/popover-polyfill: README.md

<link rel="stylesheet" src="/path/to/popover.css" />
```

Note that default styles will not be applied to shadow roots.

> Each shadow tree will need to include the styles explicitly.

Author: ```suggestion
Each root will need to include the styles explicitly.
```
